# README
# Project outline
A cafe store has seen an enormouse growth and now have multiple stores nationwide. 
Due to the demand the company is receiving, they need to figure out how they can best target new and returning customers, and also understand which products are selling well.
Having done a good job previously, they got in contact with us to help them grow their business.

## Client requirements
Fix the issues they’re experiencing with collating and analysing the data they are producing.  
Wanted daily, weekly and monthly reports for sales figures and other related business metrics.
Update software currently being used that only generates reports for single branches.

## What we set out to do

We tasked ourselves with building a fully scalable ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) pipeline to handle large volumes of transaction data for the business.
This pipeline would collect all the transaction data generated by each individual café and place it in a single location.
Drastically increase their ability to identify company-wide trends and insights.
Being able to easily query the company's data as a whole.


# How to use
Clone this repo.
Change AWS bucket information in the serverless.yml file to your own one and run.
Add a trigger to your Lambda function.
Upload one of the csv files to your S3 bucket.
Go to Redshift where you can see the data has been stored into databses that are normalised to 3NF and you can query the database.
Create an EC2 instance where you can connect to Grafana and create data metrics and visualisations. 


# This next section outlines how we are going to work in the team


# Values Alignment 

## How are we going to balance rest with work?
-	Finish at a certain time – cut off time for work is 5.30pm 
-	Although some people work at different times of day – also people work at different speeds
-	Everyone should feel free to say if they’re fatigued 
-	There’s going to be overtime but not let it happen too often
-	Avoid work on weekends – but sometimes unavoidable  
-	depends on person
-	respect others obligations

## How are you going to support yourself and each other?
-	Talking, being honest with how you’re feeling, daily check-ins, regular check ins 
-	Cultivate an environment where you can express yourself, don’t shame others for being behind work

## How are you going to challenge yourself and each other?
-	Ask questions, ask each other about why we did something a certain way, (whether at a certain part or at the end of the week)
-	Learning something new, doing something that makes you uncomfortable

## How are you going to apply yourselves to the work, what professional standards will you uphold?
-	We don’t have a choice 
-	Apply yourself- don’t procrastinate, don’t waste too much time
-	Set yourself a time limit- if you don’t get something done with a certain time period, you should ask for help
-	Dedicating yourself to best practises for both work and self-care

## How are you going to decide who works on what?
-	Democracy 
-	Paired programming 
-	When it’s a big task or issue – then we can split the tasks up – otherwise individual working
-	When its task delegation: volunteering, varied work difficulties for each person, see what everyone’s comfortable with. Give 1-5 difficulty levels and if someone has a 5 then try not to give the ticket to them.
-	Perhaps more than one person works on the same ticket – 
-	Sometimes group decision – also if one person is working on architecture then present it to the group then we make a decision as a team.
-	Weekly retros: give each person a chance to explain what they did- good practise for the future. Both for asking and answering questions. 

## How are you going to deal with conflict? 	
-	Be straight forward – voice your opinion / concern respectfully 
-	Don’t instigate 
-	Talk everything out 


# Definition of Done 

## What is our definition of ‘Done’?

-	Unit tests passed 
-	Acceptance criteria met (our standards??) (ASK JOAO)
-	Functional tests passed (does it work)
-	Product owner accepts the user story (Joao accepts)
-	README are up-to-date. (ASK JOAO)
-	The solution has been code reviewed or fully pair-programmed.
-	The solution has passed code quality (code analysis) and code style standards (linting) checks. – (will define code quality)


# Setup ways of working

## How to apply it
## How are you going to operate efficiently as a team?
-	Good communication 
-	Review before merge – Joao / drop a message to slack and two people have to approve it
-	Delegation – using 1-5 ratings system for each person’s self-perceived ability

## Will you have a daily stand up?
-	Yes, talk about daily tasks, anything left over from previous day

## Will you have retrospectives? / How will you structure your retro?
-	One whenever we finish all the tasks for the week
-	When needed, at least once a week.
-	Written up minutes – reviewed every week.

## How will you decide to split the workload?
-	Based on difficulty scale and group decision.

## What methods of communication will you use?
-	Slack, Zoom, WhatsApp group chat
## Will you use different git branches to create and test features in?
-	Yes
## Will you make use of GitHub's Pull Requests feature so that other members can review your code?
-	Yes. 
-	Then delete when merged

 
